Welcome to day 11.
Today we are going to work on a web scraping project.
Web scraping means scraping the Internet.
The meaning of this expression refers to the fact that we use web scraping to go through website code
and get information from there, just as someone scrapes the surface and gets some particles from it.
And what can we get from a website?
Information, images, graphics, and much more?
Web scraping consists of techniques that allow you to automate that data collection when you need to
take information from a website to use in your projects.
Entering a website and manually copying and pasting information by yourself would take a lot of time
if it was something you had to do frequently.
So today we will learn how to use Python in a couple of extra libraries to perform web scraping tasks,
such as downloading images and other elements from a website.
Today's project is going to allow us to enter the website of an online bookstore and automatically create
a list of all the books that have a rating equal to or higher than four stars.
This program would allow us to build this list just by running code, and it doesn't matter if the book
ratings change with our code, we will be able to rebuild the correct list every day at the push of
a button.
There's a lot to learn, and I don't want you to miss out on anything from this interesting world of
web scraping.
So let's get to it right away.